Why are you here?
Brother, what are you doing?
What am I doing for you to enter the palace late at night?
Are you going to rebel?
The emperor first used the people to serve poison
Use the prince to refine alchemy
Where did the face ask us why we entered the palace?
I want someone
Tell them both to arrest
Where is the guard
I'd rather live than have slaves eat them all
If you do more injustice, you will die
What do you want?
Are you going to kill me?
No you can't kill me
I am the emperor
The late emperor once decreed
If the emperor is not evil
I can replace it
No wonder you can't pretend to be a woman
You are pretending
That's right, I can't bear my colleague Cao Ge to bear it again and again
So far
I don't want to see you harming Dongli anymore
Come here or I'll kill him
Kill if you want
Let go of poison